src/pages/about-martyn.md, before:

---
title: 'About Martyn'
Created: July 15, 2021 3:59 PM
Featured: No
Last Updated: October 1, 2022 10:02 AM
published: true
layout: page
date: 2021-07-15
permalink: /about-martyn/index.html
Status: Done
_checkForUrl: Yes
archived: No
content_type: page
isEng: true
---

<img src="/assets/images/About%20Martyn/martyn-avatar-round.png" width="200" />

<aside>
  👋 Hi, I'm Mártyn, literally a frontend developer and figuratively an artist.

  Some people know me as Vladimir Martynenko, but is so boring and official.

  I develop interfaces and make team processes better. Make talks and doing educational projects.

  You can reach me at [Telegram](https://t.me/m0rtyn)
</aside>

## ℹ️ About me

I'm ~30. I make my living doing web interfaces and business automation.

I lived in Lensk (Yakutia) → Novosibirsk → St. Petersburg → Kaliningrad → Dilijan 🇦🇲. In the last place I live for the first year.

Went into programming in 2016, and before that I tried all sorts of things, from construction handyman to founder of culinary kit delivery.

And then I worked a lot of jobs. Not that it's something to be proud of, but the collection is awesome: *Noveo*, *BlackDeckCrew*, *Breadhead*, *GdeMaterial*, *Semrush*, *Kode*, *12 Storeez, Elbrus Bootcamp.*

Why so many things? Simple, my focus is on opportunity, not on maintaining the *status quo*. People like me are called "polymaths," "scanners," "changers," "ADHD-ers," "Zoomers," or whatever, but the main thing here is the thrill of discovery.

## ❤️ What I like

I love being in a state of "above myself." That's why I made blog
"So Meta". I also like to invent something of my own and give it names.
Here are examples:

- [Martynak](https://github.com/m0rtyn/martynak) — a keyboard layout for those who hate QWERTY
- Matadoro — an online-coworking method for procrastinators
- Motion — a system for running a life in Notion
- Mideation — a meditation technique with parallel journaling
- [Pokoy](http://pokoy.app) — a meditation app for impulsive minds

I also enjoy giving talks and lectures. I am always willing to speak on an interesting topic. You can 🎤 [read more here](https://someta.site/let-me-to-the-mic).

## 📦 Projects

I collect personal projects and occasionally get nostalgic on a list of them.

You may know me from such ventures as:

- [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/metabaza) "So Meta"
- [Talks](https://bit.ly/martyn-talks)
- 💀 [Delivering Cooking Kits "By Taste"](https://vk.com/povkusu_nsk)
- 💀 [Protopilot Alphaᵝ Podcast](https://anchor.fm/protopilotalpha/)
- 💀 Videoblog "BORIA"
- 💀 [Instagram of DOPAMINE THE CAT](https://instagram.com/dopamine_the_cat)
- 💀 [Neirana Meditation Marathon](https://vas3k.club/project/9040/)
- 💀 Applied Rationality Marathon "Hammer Time"
- 💀 Book Marathon "Koob"

## 💢 What I hate

I've been diagnosed with *Multiple Sclerosis* since I was 10 years old. No, it's not about forgetfulness, it's about immunity that *spoils the wiring* between neurons. Hence the interest in neuroscience, medicine and thinking.

Coping with the disease and striving for a stable and endless remission. You can read about it ***[here](https://martyn-guru.netlify.app/papers/invalid-martyn)***

## 💻 My code

My projects are on [Github](https://github.com/m0rtyn). I try to extract individual pieces from my work and shape them into self-sufficient solutions, and you can give them a couple of stars for usefulness.


## 🤙 Contacts

Email: mrtnsn.dev[at][gmail.com](http://gmail.com/)
Phones:

- +7 (999) 464-four-three-two-one 🇷🇺
- +374 (93) 78-four-three-two-one 🇦🇲

Commit message:

feat: rename the blog, change logo

src/pages/about-martyn.md, after:

---
title: 'About Martyn'
Created: July 15, 2021 3:59 PM
Featured: No
Last Updated: October 1, 2022 10:02 AM
published: true
layout: page
date: 2021-07-15
permalink: /about-martyn/index.html
Status: Done
_checkForUrl: Yes
archived: No
content_type: page
isEng: true
---

<img src="/assets/images/About%20Martyn/martyn-avatar-round.png" width="200" />

<aside>
  👋 Hi, I'm Mártyn, literally a frontend developer and figuratively an artist.

  Some people know me as Vladimir Martynenko, but is so boring and official.

  I develop interfaces and make team processes better. Make talks and doing educational projects.

  You can reach me at [Telegram](https://t.me/m0rtyn)
</aside>

## ℹ️ About me

I'm ~30. I make my living doing web interfaces and business automation.

I lived in Lensk (Yakutia) → Novosibirsk → St. Petersburg → Kaliningrad → Dilijan 🇦🇲. In the last place I live for the first year.

Went into programming in 2016, and before that I tried all sorts of things, from construction handyman to founder of culinary kit delivery.

And then I worked a lot of jobs. Not that it's something to be proud of, but the collection is awesome: *Noveo*, *BlackDeckCrew*, *Breadhead*, *GdeMaterial*, *Semrush*, *Kode*, *12 Storeez, Elbrus Bootcamp.*

Why so many things? Simple, my focus is on opportunity, not on maintaining the *status quo*. People like me are called "polymaths," "scanners," "changers," "ADHD-ers," "Zoomers," or whatever, but the main thing here is the thrill of discovery.

## ❤️ What I like

I like to invent something of my own and give it names.
Here are examples:

- [Martynak](https://github.com/m0rtyn/martynak) — a keyboard layout for those who hate QWERTY
- Matadoro — an online-coworking method for procrastinators
- Motion — a system for running a life in Notion
- Mideation — a meditation technique with parallel journaling
- [Pokoy](http://pokoy.app) — a meditation app for impulsive minds

I also enjoy giving talks and lectures. I am always willing to speak on an interesting topic. You can 🎤 [read more here](https://someta.site/let-me-to-the-mic).

## 📦 Projects

I collect personal projects and occasionally get nostalgic on a list of them.

You may know me from such ventures as:

- [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/planisnothing) "Plan is Nothing"
- [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/metabaza) "So Meta"
- [Talks](https://bit.ly/martyn-talks)
- 💀 [Delivering Cooking Kits "By Taste"](https://vk.com/povkusu_nsk)
- 💀 [Protopilot Alphaᵝ Podcast](https://anchor.fm/protopilotalpha/)
- 💀 Videoblog "BORIA"
- 💀 [Instagram of DOPAMINE THE CAT](https://instagram.com/dopamine_the_cat)
- 💀 [Neirana Meditation Marathon](https://vas3k.club/project/9040/)
- 💀 Applied Rationality Marathon "Hammer Time"
- 💀 Book Marathon "Koob"

## 💢 What I hate

I've been diagnosed with *Multiple Sclerosis* since I was 10 years old. No, it's not about forgetfulness, it's about immunity that *spoils the wiring* between neurons. Hence the interest in neuroscience, medicine and thinking.

Coping with the disease and striving for a stable and endless remission. You can read about it ***[here](https://martyn-guru.netlify.app/papers/invalid-martyn)***

## 💻 My code

My projects are on [Github](https://github.com/m0rtyn). I try to extract individual pieces from my work and shape them into self-sufficient solutions, and you can give them a couple of stars for usefulness.


## 🤙 Contacts

Email: mrtnsn.dev[at][gmail.com](http://gmail.com/)
Phones:

- +7 (999) 464-four-three-two-one 🇷🇺
- +374 (93) 78-four-three-two-one 🇦🇲
